plus
hello how about youtube friends today
I'm going to teach how to download the game
plants against zombies 2
the apec app for android first thing
they have to do
is the link address that I left
in the description of the video
we give you copy we go to our
favorite browser in my case is opera
mini
here where it says enter
if web or search we click and
we stick
and we're going to the force page
that file was uploaded by me
so it's completely in Spanish and
full
then what we have to do here
it's going to download
and we will appear these two we click on
the next download
we give you save
I will not keep it because I already have it in
my desk so I 'm cancel
as you can see here is the file
we give right click extract here
we hope you extract
and as you can see here we already have the
apk file for android install it and
This folder is sent to your system
android
says android
[Music]
in the folder and ready the next
tutorial I will show you how to install it
give a like subscribe and share